In this exercise, we want to do
pretty much what we did over here and
group the playing and
the paused states in the ready state.
And we're gonna see why this
is useful in future exercises.
But right now it's just to get used to
that grouping states into parents states
and refactoring so that they're
children of that parent state.
We're gonna call the parent
state the ready state,
and we're gonna specify the initial state,
which could be either paused or
playing depending on what kind
of logic you want to represent.
I think at the beginning,
we said that the song immediately plays.
So if you want the initial
state to be playing,
then you could go ahead and do that.
Also, another thing to keep in mind too
is that when we have transitions between
sibling states, like playing and paused,
we could specify the target as the key.
However, when we have a transition
that goes directly from one
child state to another
potentially unrelated state.
I guess you could call this an uncle or
an aunt state,
because it's not directly the parent.
Then we have to give this an ID so that we
could sort of transcend these barriers and
specify the state node from
any arbitrary location.
And so that's what we're doing over here.
We add this # and
we specify the ID over here.
That's already done for you.
So your only task in this exercise
is to group the paused and
playing states in a parent's ready state.